Scaffold react components (#21)
silverstripe/silverstripe-session-manager: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing
- Maintenance on this module is a shared effort of those who use it
- To contribute improvements to the code, ensure you raise a pull request and discuss with the module maintainers
- Please follow the SilverStripe [code contribution guidelines](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/contributing/code/) and [Module Standard](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/developer_guides/extending/modules/#module-standard)
- Supply documentation that follows the [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/) conventions
- When having discussions about this module in issues or pull request please adhere to the [SilverStripe Community Code of Conduct](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/contributing/code_of_conduct/)

## Contributor license agreement
By supplying code to this module in patches, tickets and pull requests, you agree to assign copyright 

> of that code to MODULE_COPYRIGHT_HOLDER_HERE., on the condition that these code changes are released under the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of that code to Silverstripe Ltd., on the condition that these code changes are released under the 
```
